1. What happens when you initialize a repository? Why do you need to do it?

    When you initialize a Git repository, Git sets up a folder structure to
    keep track of all of the Git metadata required for it to keep track of
    whatever files you will be tracking. Git probably doesn't just make a
    repository by default when you use a Git command that otherwise would
    operate on an existing repository so that it can give you useful
    feedback in case you thought you were in a specific repository already,
    but you actually weren't. By forcing users to be specifically
    intentional, you avoid various problems.

2. How is the staging area different from the working directory and the
repository? What value do you think it offers?

    The staging area is part of Git's metadata. Through it, you tell
    Git which files containing changes you wish to bundle together in a
    commit. Other than preventing you from accidentally committing files as
    part of the wrong commit, I'm not sure what benefits it offers. Rather
    than allowing you to decide what files should be part of a particular
    commit, it forces you to decide.

3. How can you use the staging area to make sure you have one commit per
logical change?

    The staging area gives you a chance to review which files have changed,
    which gives you the opportunity to check what in those files changed,
    which then allows you to select which files to package into a single
    commit.

4. What are some situations when branches would be helpful in keeping your
history organized? How would branches help?

    If you were working on a feature and discovered that you needed to make
    an immediate change for production, you could move your feature into a
    branch, go back to master and do your business. Also, if you know that a
    particular feature is going to take a long time, you can make a branch,
    leaving your production code clean.

5. How do the diagrams help you visualize the branch structure?

    By default. Diagrams are a visualization tool. They take a concept and
    turn it into visually accessible information. I don't want to say more
    on that, really.

6. What is the result of merging two branches together? Why do we
represent it in the diagram the way we do?

    Merging branches results in a new set of working copy files that contain
    the combined state of the files at the tips of those branches. Git also
    creates a commit that contains a reference to the tips as well. Two
    separate paths are being mixed together to form a single path again.

7. What are the pros and cons of Git’s automatic merging vs. always doing
merges manually?

    Automatic merging is very convenient when dealing with unrelated
    changes. It also make you less likely to make stupid mistakes on easy
    merges. However, it would be very difficult to create an automatic merge
    that did everything exactly like you wanted it to whenever there were
    conflicting changes. Doing it by hand gives you total control, so you
    can pick and choose what changes stay in the final product. It is a
    tedious business, and fairly error prone.
